and welcome back to a fresh episode of
business growth show I'm your host Sam
Dunning and to check out my week daily
B2B B2B marketing tips and emails free
playbooks podcasts or whenever you're
ready to apply to work with me head over
to Sam ding.
org so today I'm joined by Stuart Moss
Stuart is the director of sales
development over at dealr we're going to
be chatting about AI for B2B sales is
worth your time or not we're going to go
through the brutally honest pros and
cons when it comes to using AI to set
meetings is it worth your SDR your s
development team getting stuck into we
can talk about the impacts the good the
bad the ugly and how you can actually
leverage it properly to impact your
bottom line and get those meetings
scheduled with ideal fit clients with
that welcome to the show Stuart how are
we hey Sam yeah I'm good thanks mate how
are you doing well thank you sir Friday
afternoon here in the UK we're ready to
wrap things up and hopefully have an
enjoyable conversation about the The
Good Bad and the Ugly when it comes to
AI so first and foremost I mean you've
only got a scroll on LinkedIn and you'll
you'll see one post a second saying how
great AI is and the other person saying
it's probably the worst thing ever
invented when it comes to sales
development so is is AI really a good
thing when it comes to sales on a B2B
landscape oh that's so that is a tricky
question to answer with a definitive yes
or no but I'm going to give it a so I
think yes however uh it isn't a good
thing for probably 80% of people who are
too reliant on it want AI to just do all
of their job for them and be very very
lazy uh and just hit send on emails that
it generates or do their job for them
and for those people the harsh reality
as you said at the beginning the brutal
side of it is AI will probably replace
you within the next few years um
certainly once we get past that early
adopter stage of a lot of these tools
and people embrace it fully uh so in
that sense no it will not be a good
thing for you uh but for the people that
do embrace it um to do the heavy lifting
and to help supercharge their efficiency
AI is going to be an absolute game Cher
and yes it is a great thing for you
gotcha so what we're saying is preps
don't use it to do everything but there
are advantages of things that can take
off your workload to improve
processes so let's let's kind of break
this down a bit when it comes to we're
going to be focusing on from a meeting
setting point of view so when it comes
to that what are some of the ways that
AI can be
useful yeah great question so here's a
really good example of that um one thing
that a lot of uh companies will ask you
to do um is lead with personalization or
at least try and lead with some level of
relevancy uh to people now uh most
decision makers are absolutely inundated
uh with terrible um Outreach from sdrs
in their inbox or their spam folder most
of the time uh or really poor cold calls
that are just totally generic um and
that's why people are less receptive to
it the good news there is the barrier of
Entry or or the bar is set very very low
in terms of what good looks like so to
differentiate yourself is not a million
miles away from probably where those
generic people are anyway because that
bar is really low however a really good
example of how you can take away the
workload of doing that research
personalization uh is to use a free uh
chat GPT plugin for Chrome called
summarize and you can go on to anyone's
LinkedIn profile click the Chone uh
Chrome plugin from chat GPT uh and
summarize will literally do that it will
summarize their entire social profile
for you and break it down to say hey Sam
does these things or Sam cares about
this and Sam's posted recently about
these things um it will summarize
literally everything in someone's
profile and all the interesting points
for you and so in that case you can save
yourself a long time trying to figure
out those bullet points you can press a
button have them take them and then use
them to help craft uh a personalized
message or change a template so it feels
personalized on one to one um very
quickly and easily and drive that
efficiency using AI that way got it so
we're talking about essentially doing
things that I suppose from a manual
standpoint could take quite a long time
I.E if you've got a list of I don't know
200 500 prospects in your target market
that you're trying to set meetings with
I suppose going through each LinkedIn
profile manually and trying to find a
relevant point that you can bring up on
a Cod email LinkedIn message or cold
cool would traditionally take quite a
long time right yeah it could take hours
right and you know sdrs can sometimes
take a long time to learn that skill of
how to you know take that information or
find it quickly and then tailor that
into something tangible that can be used
um you know there's without doing a
cheap plug there's lots of tools out
there that will help give you triggers
sales Navigator will show you triggers
for people deal front shows triggers
people like Apollo and zoom info do the
same thing
um and people like cognism uh but
essentially how many times you do people
get emails that say congratulation on
the new role by the way we have this
product that you should buy and it's you
just using that trigger as something so
vague and generic that you don't really
care about is not good but if you can
use that trigger and know something else
personal about that person when it's not
taking you any time suddenly you boost
your
Effectiveness so I'm absolutely for AI
but I'm for it doing the heavy lifting
of of your role so that you take away
all of the grunt work all of the stuff
that takes hours every single day of
your life so you can focus on the actual
parts of your role that mve the needle
and for sdrs and salese that is the
human interaction that you have with
people I think what might be quite
interesting and useful for the audience
is if we perhaps share some of the
Frameworks and break down those that you
folks at deal front use as you're
directing the SDR team perhaps across
some of the channels if you're up for
that diving into that in a sec and
before we do for anyone that's not
familiar with triggers could you break
down what that means and how that can be
useful from a setting meeting standpoint
yeah of course so um certain tools like
LinkedIn sales Navigator or de front
does it or lots of other providers uh
will highlight to you uh automatically
via not notifications if certain things
happen either for the company uh that
you're you're looking at or you're
following or decision makers
individually so for example I mentioned
job changes there so if someone changes
roles or gets promotions you might be
notified by your uh your tool or if they
post something socially you could be
notified there's a trigger for you to go
and look at this equally on a company
level uh that could be things like uh
they've just been funded or they've had
a great quarter or a bad quarter or
they're in the press for something
individual uh and the tools will notify
you to that in the moment so you can
quickly leverage it and it's relevant
it's timely for you to reach out with
those specific trigger
points nice nice and we have got a
dedicated episode on triggers so if
you've search Jamie business growth show
Sam Dunning or similar we had Jamie from
uh celligent on a while ago where we
talked about the power of triggers and
like you mentioned there ready some of
those can be really impactful if one of
your Champions one of your contacts
moves roles that you were doing business
with before or they just get funding or
there's something relevant that can have
business impact like you say so you can
strike up a a warmer conversation
because perhaps your offer fits in with
what's going on in their organization so
that makes good sense so yeah let's
let's go back to talking about Outreach
Frameworks could be quite fun I reckon
so when it comes to kind of key channels
for setting meetings what do you tend to
use at deal front in terms of the main
platforms you you do Outreach
on uh so as in the modalities you mean
sorry Sam yeah like email link in or cus
or is there like couple that you tend to
have success with so those three are our
main channels essentially so
unsurprisingly email phone call and
Linkedin are our three main go-tos um
however there's nuances within that um
and that's both on a regional level so
uh dealr predominantly focuses on uh
Europe and so
um a lot of our uh the the regions
within that have their own nuances so
some some regions LinkedIn doesn't work
very well for R sdrs some some people
almost exclusively double down on
LinkedIn and have amazing results from
it uh equally the same with phones and
emails um I think it's regionally
dependent and and can differ based on
local laws as well so places like
Germany uh where um de front is an
amalgamation of two different companies
so lead feeder and echobot echobot is
German lead feeder was Finnish um in
Germany for example on the echobot side
of of deal front uh you have things like
double opin right so email becomes a bit
trickier um Neverland has stricter rules
around emailing for example uh and so
there's Regional nuances but actually
there's also SDR nuances um some sdrs
are just way more effective of jumping
on a phone call and having a really cool
chat other sdrs are way better at
writing emails that open up
conversation um and so it can be hard to
balance but one of the things we do in
in my team and the SDR function here at
dealr is um we don't enforce a certain
way people have to work we figure out
what works for them and then figure out
how to embrace that more um to replicate
their success continually gotcha yeah
sounds good so when it comes to putting
together an Outreach framework and
perhaps we could chat about a couple
maybe email maybe LinkedIn maybe call
calling whichever couple of those you
want to do I think what would be quite
interesting is the flow of perhaps
pulling a list of Target accounts that
you want to strike conversations with
and generate meetings with how we can
then piece together a good Outreach
message what that looks like on a couple
of those channels and then what stages
we weave in Ai and maybe even talking
about the time it takes to to kind of
put that into play from I guess research
putting together the pieces and actually
doing the activity M quite quite fun to
go through yeah sure yeah absolutely so
um essentially at D front we have um
kind of two if we're talking about
outbound we have two main outbound uh
cadences we're sales Loft users um at
the moment uh so we have two main
cadences essentially they're they're
very similar in structure uh the only is
is the the first one that we use is
outbound with phone and the second one
is outbound without phone so if we don't
have um for whatever reason we don't
have a direct dial or we get stuck at
Gatekeepers continually we will shift
people from uh the with phone to the
without phone and the without phone will
focus more on emails and social selling
and the with phone will focus more on
calls and emails um we will start with
phone calls always to see if that's
modality that can be used um and if it
can't then we can make some informed
decisions on where that person goes
through our cadences uh and it also
means typically if we are getting
through to them on the phone uh we get a
yes or no a lot quicker so you don't
have to invest the time in personalizing
or writing emails or recording videos
and things like that so it initial one's
usually cool and is is there any AI that
you involve in that in that process or
is it more of a case of more of a
traditional way or what what tends to be
the approach on that initial call
curious yeah so so we're quite lucky in
terms of um because we are a data
provider at deal front um we can kind of
drink our own uh champagne a little bit
um so we can actually use our own tool
to help um identify companies that have
been on our website and what they've
been looking at uh and find intent in
accounts that way um and then we can
also use our own platform to uncover the
decision makers contact detail
uh and the tools will help prioritize
for our sdrs that way so that uh they're
able to focus on people that have a
higher propensity to buy from us to
begin with so we'll leverage AI in that
sense to get the sdrs the right people
to focus on and know potentially what to
focus on um when that being said um
there are you know you can do similar
things via LinkedIn you just wouldn't
have the person's contact details um you
can't necessarily track the people on
your website but you can prioritize
accounts and try and embrace triggers in
some capacity there um once we have that
we will then uh Embrace things like as I
mentioned LinkedIn summar um chat GPT
summarize to save a lot of the hours
that you could spend researching people
and you can use that on LinkedIn you can
use it on a company's website you can
use it on someone's Twitter feed um you
can very quickly search someone across
the internet um click the button a few
times and get a really cool picture of
them and then that allows the time
savings that we make there afford the
sdrs to reinvest that in writing very
personalized emails gotcha so initially
we're starting with a call and this
person we're we're using we're using a
tool using a software to see they
they've shown some level intent like
they might have flicked through a few
pages of our website maybe they went on
to the pricing page or something like
that or they've done something that
shows they've got some kind of Interest
in our offer and then we're we're
reaching out to them initially via phone
and then I'm guessing if we don't get
the meeting straight away or they don't
answer then we're moving on to email
Outreach yeah and what what's the is
there any for people that tune in
perhaps thinking I could I could do
upping my email game is H because I know
when it comes to email so many different
B2B Revenue leaders have got an idea of
what looks good on email some like to go
painfully short
some like to ask questions others have
different ideas like problem
propositions or case studies and things
like that what what's what's working for
you
folks yeah so um this will differ from
what uh you know a lot of people say on
LinkedIn but um what works for our team
and gets us responses that say things
like this is the best email I've ever
read are uh is leaning into like hyper
personalization so because we've been uh
saved that time it buys the R's time to
spend a bit longer on writing emails and
actually as we move into next year it's
likely that we invest in AI tools uh to
take away some of that work as well or
the time that that takes but right now
we do it a little bit manually um but
the framework that we use would be um as
an example Sam if I if you were my
Prospect I looked you up online and I
found that um I'm going to use Tottenham
Hotspur because they're the greatest
Club ever so I'm gonna I'm GNA talk
about Tottenham Hotspur but let's say I
F let's say I found out you were a
Tottenham hotb fan Sam and sorry if that
offends you in any way I'll pretend I'm
not a Liverpool fan for now yeah yeah
yeah Dan god let's not go down that
route um but maybe I do right I'm a
Tottenham fan maybe I find you're a
Liverpool fan and so I can absolutely
open an email talking about V with you
uh the subject line can be Liverpool or
V uh and I can start it talking about
how bad V has been this season and how
it's destroying things but what I can
then do is I can creatively link uh
let's say in this instance V back to the
dealr offering so maybe I'm talking
about um when V is used
ineffectively um it means that uh you
know the referees are making poor
decisions it's changing the impact of
games and it means Liverpool are losing
points they're further down the table
than they could be but actually if V AR
was used efficiently to gain you know
proper visibility into decisions being
made was someone's big toe off offside
and did that really give him a Creative
Advantage you'd be scoring more points
you'd be you'd be scoring more goals and
ultimately your team would be winning uh
the Premiership instead of Tottenham
this season and so what I would do is I
would mention all of th those points but
effectively say in the world of sales
it's the same thing right having
visibility into where you're being
effective or using it to make uh
datadriven decisions which change the
outcome of your sales team is imperative
dfr can help you do that are you
interested to take a look at it got it
got it so super tailored to that
Prospect and their interest and is that
when you're Gathering that information
from my case like if I supported
Liverpool let's say and that was going
to be in the the tailored email would
that be using a tool like summer AIS for
for some kind of plugin that can pull
that from my profile or similar
absolutely so you know it takes 10
seconds to Google you know Sam D in
Twitter Sam D in YouTube Sam Dunning
LinkedIn it will find you in fact
sometimes you find some very amusing old
photos of people online just by doing
that um I wouldn't ever advocate for you
use those don't go in with that's gonna
be a risky Cod emo isn't it yeah don't
do that yeah that's the bad side of AI
don't don't lean into hey I found your
uh holiday photos of you on a beach in
the in the Bahamas but um yeah
absolutely quick search and then use use
the tools to summarize what you can find
and then pick the bit or what we do is
we pick the bits out of that that we can
be creative around um we're talking
about something you care deeply about
you're talking about online you're
posting about but likening that to
challenges that you will definitely or
ver using an educated guess what you are
probably experiencing in your role based
on the job you're doing and then
bringing that back to how we could help
them in the Liverpool example how can we
help you score more goals nice and let's
play Devil's Advocate a minute for
anyone that's the polar opposite and
thinking now I can I can go volume
whether that's calling or emails and I
can just use the typical problems that
my prospects face and I don't need to
spend hours doing all this
personalization or AI stuff what is how
long does it take your team roughly to
perhaps put together something like you
just mentioned there uh to begin with
quite a long time um so when when SD's
first start it will take them a while um
they will second guess what they're
writing a lot of the time um once they
become efficient five minutes
maximum got it so it can be quite quick
you can and the thing is you don't have
to reinvent it every time right so let's
say for example um one of my team
actually found out recently someone like
tennis for example and so it kind of
summarized in like let's score more
races together um you don't have to
rewrite the tennis email all over again
you can save that as a template and then
you're only really changing beyond that
point a few few words to make it super
personal again but the core of it
because your proposition isn't changing
every five minutes so what you're saying
about tennis Rings true and relates back
to your company it's actually then just
the very top bit of emails yeah that
you're going to change that make it very
personal um and so you only really have
to build it once for certain core
subjects as well so we have like a list
and we do these in role plays every week
as a team we have a list of all the core
things that we find about people that we
would use as personalization points and
when we're doing role plays as a group
or as individual you know manager and
and uh
SDR we We Lay those out this is what you
found out about this person this is
their job role this is the objections
they're going to throw at you and we
drilled them every single
week nice nice and then so that that's
the next step and then if you don't get
a response is there is there something
else that you'll do is there another
layer of personalization or any any
other stage that you'll follow up yeah
so what we desperately try and avoid is
the uh you know hey Sam just just
checking in uh or the just just bubbling
this back up to the top of your inbox so
actually if it's if we're going the
personalization route uh typically our
followup would be a video adding more
context um so we're not really asking
for we never ask for a meeting because
we we avoid that um do you have 15
minutes next Wednesday kind of typical
line yeah um so we always just aim to
open a conversation so for us we would
then lean into sending like a loom video
um where we're sharing more context
perhaps we're showing our platform
behind us so we can point out certain
things and how that might be beneficial
so we're actually educating at that
stage uh and rather than using a call to
action we employ what I would brand like
a call to a conversation so will'll just
ask a question like how do your reps
manage these kind of things um which
again it massively improves our response
rate um and it helps humanize it again
because uh some people will reply and
say hey to be honest I thought it was
just another generic email but now I've
seen you I realize you actually put a
lot of time and energy into this and so
even if it's a negative at that point
and says no thanks or we not ready they
still grace us with a reply which is
half the battle really isn't it yeah
oh yeah that's it and then at least you
can kind of know whether it's worth
following up or worth a conversation or
likewise if it's if completely
irrelevant then cross them off your off
your list for now so yeah I mean I've
said this on the show a bunch of times
before but the amount of emails and I'm
sure you're the same the amount of
emails and Linkedin messages I get is
insane but never ever get cold well I
say never ever maybe once every few
months I get a cold
cool maybe once a year I'll get a video
tailored video message like an actual
tailored one to me yeah um and I can't
remember the last time I actually got a
LinkedIn voice note just triggered into
my mind there so yeah just shows it's
not if you get a little bit creative
it's not that difficult to stand out in
the noise from what I've seen anyway but
it does involve a little bit extra
effort but like you say you can leverage
some of these AI tools to get that
personalization that you can to make you
stand out a bit more yeah if you can you
and this is the benefit of AI right if
you can use it to do a lot of that time
consuming work you know there's AI tools
that will do your admin for you for
example or while you're on a call like
this it'll not take and then it will
summarize those back into your CRM so
you're not having to do that then it
takes you five minutes to check you know
sanity check it make sure it's good
rather than the 30 40 minutes it might
have taken you to actually go and write
up and type a load of notes and so if
you can use AI to drive those
efficiencies then you're you're freed up
to use that time more creatively to have
more more impact and that just drives
your conversion rate on everything
you're doing nice and are there any
other unusual use cases that you've seen
Stewart whether that is for SDR setting
meetings or whether that is involving
the AES when they're actually carrying
out the meetings from from an AI
standpoint that's been quite
effective um not not necessarily unusual
ways but I think there's a plethora of
like incredible tools out there that are
growing every day right you know I
mentioned like note taking uh as an
example I watched a video by uh I think
the owner of of a tool called woodpecker
which is a notetaking tool that I just
happened to see on LinkedIn from time to
time you know he was shared a video
earlier where they'd completely
overhauled what the tool looks like
because they hadn't overly invested in
the UI for example as they were scaling
um I think as time goes on these tools
are just going to continue to um get
better and better and the use cases are
going to become phenomenal just in ways
that we can't even fathom at the moment
of you know five years ago if if someone
had said to me here's a here's a thing
that listens to you transcribes
everything and puts it in your CRM I
would have thought it was the best thing
ever now there's probably 50 or a
hundred of those on the market that all
do similar things right I think um a as
as we continue over the next few years
the way we can Embrace Ai and the things
that it can do for us um is going to be
unthink and it's it's going to be
amazing if we can we can all leverage it
for sure so we've talked about some of
the processes how you can put AI into
play we've talked about a lot of the
benefits we brushed over it but what are
some of the the negatives there some of
the things that you've got to avoid or
maybe even if you're open to it sharing
some of the mistakes that you've made
Stewart or your team's made because
that's always going to be useful for us
so we can perhaps because I know I've
done plenty of them myself yeah no
absolutely I think um the main mistakes
that I see with AI is people as as I
mentioned at the top of the call uh
people wanting to use AI to do 100% of
their job um and a a good example of
that is the AI written emails that
people use um AI is great at writing you
an email but it isn't great at
necessarily sounding or feeling human um
and so you're probably exactly the same
as as me Sam and I'm sure a lot of
people out there are where my inbox is
filled like literally filled about 50
people a day uh with just completely
templated or very clearly written by AI
emails equally my LinkedIn is the same I
open one earlier and on LinkedIn I have
a dot in front of my name and the reason
I do that is it helps me spot Ai and
because if someone puts the effort in
I'll reply to them if they've just used
Ai and I'm just one of many and they're
spamming me I I I'm not going to waste
my time right and so I got yet another
one earlier it said hi. Stewart and I
know immediately you're using AI or
automation to just flood inboxes you
don't care about me you don't care about
my success or my business you care about
booking a sale or a deal right in some
capacity and so um I think the net
negative of it is where you just employ
it to do everything on your behalf where
that fails or is really obvious you just
disengage people and people remember how
you made them feel and so people will
remember they might not remember you
individually as an stdr but they will
remember your brand name and they will
remember like someone from this company
spam me with totally generic bollocks
that I didn't asked for and it was AI
doing it and you're going to lessen your
results that you get over time um and
for a lot of sdrs and
AES they only have finite markets right
they only have a certain amount of
account and yes more accounts might grow
and become part of that market but if
you just flood everyone rapidly and put
most of that market off then you're just
going to have diminishing returns over
time and and it becomes untenable so I
think that's the negative side of it
where people just embrace it too heavily
um they don't put that like human touch
on it they don't put the little bow on
top of the present like they should um
and it's going to have negative effects
on them over time if if it doesn't IM
imately it will over time yeah yeah like
you said I don't think there's really
any positive to using it to mass
Outreach because almost anyone could
detect it even an idiot like me can see
a message in my LinkedIn inbox and
within two seconds read at thinking when
I see the word Skyrocket and I'm going
to guarantee this and this is out of
this world and all these really long
words that you never probably hear in a
normal conversation you think yeah
robots probably put that together and
the question is how does it make you
feel
Sam annoyed I
think and what what and that's the point
what happens to your perception of the
company that sent
it yeah I mean like you say if it's if
it's in the first two lines and it's got
their name and then the company name you
think well this company's just doing
Lazy tactics like why why would I even
consider working with them right which
pretty much what you teed up just now
yeah and then it and then it gets worse
because every followup that you get that
an automatic Chaser beyond that is is
also just templated it's spam it's
rubbish uh and your impression just
worsens and worsens with every single
time it happens I mean my inbox for
example is filled uh dealr is a data
provider we provide data to people
contact details my inbox is filled with
people trying to sell me
data and it's just because I'm part of a
mass mailing list that they're just
spamming out the door some of it does
look like it's personalized it's clearly
not because you don't know anything
about our company
um I typically if I'm going to reply to
them I reply with a little meme that
just says we're a we're a data provider
too and it's like the Spiderman looking
at each other one um but it just it
lessens your perception of their brand
and and over time that's going to hurt
companies got it good stuff J so so to
summarize from what we discussed we're
talking about use AI in a smart way so
use tools plugins whether that's
reviewing people's LinkedIn profile or
finding out relevant information about
them that you can leverage to your
advantage but then you still need the
common sense element so whether that is
a tailored email whether is a tailored
LinkedIn message Cod cool so you can
weave in what you found out quicker than
you would manually but using some kind
of AI software or tool add your own
tweaks to it your own Common Sense your
own changes and that's probably the best
bet based on where we are right now to
kind of use it to schore more meetings
absolutely 100% I think um use it to do
all the boring stuff the mundane work
that uh eats all your time and reinvest
that time on the stuff that actually
drives the results for you whether
that's an AE SDR whatever your role you
can apply that across it and uh yeah you
can you can get better results and and
it can take you less time and effort and
you can focus on the fun stuff about
sales nice one sir so with that I want
to thank you very much for coming on the
show and sharing your wisdom on all
things SDR meeting setting and AI please
do tell us more about how one tuning in
can connect with you and a bit more
about dfr yeah absolutely thanks thanks
for the ability to plug at the end here
so yeah um if people want to connect on
LinkedIn uh and this is actually another
test that I run my LinkedIn will tell
you exactly how to connect with me if
you're sending me a LinkedIn uh
connection if you're emailing me or
phoning me um it's always interesting to
see who uses that but if you want to
connect with me uh LinkedIn is I think
my URL is linkedin.com
Stewart moss1 uh so you can you can
connect with me please just read uh the
the preferences that I personally have
about connecting uh and emails Etc um as
for dealr as I I mentioned earlier dealr
is a a platform where um there's a few
different parts that you can Embrace so
firstly you can track and monitor who is
on your website or who has been on your
website to help you prioritize your
account lists uh and see the accounts
that have some knowledge of your brand
have some interest in your brand and
therefore should have some uh higher
propensity to buy from you or at least
engage with you uh and the second half
of our platform uh helps you find the
trigger points in those companies that
you can leverage uh will help prioritize
further it will help use uh our own AI
to uh look at where you're winning and
analyzing deals to suggest better places
to focus your energy moving forward so
you can replicate your wins uh and then
provide the company and contact data
that you might need to reach out out to
those people so it will share people's
um phone and email addresses the
differentiator from us is that we use uh
public source so we do not um scrape
people's LinkedIn we don't scrape
people's uh email uh bounces or sorry
out of offices and things like that uh
it's all public Source um so it's all
publicly available and If anyone ever
says to you where did you get my contact
details you can point them exactly to
the source and show them to avoid any
any potential challenges there nice one
sir and we should put all of those links
in the show notes over at
businessgrowth marketing big shout out
again to DF front.com for sponsoring the
show thanks once again Stuart enjoyed
the chat thanks so much appreciate you
having me no worries at all and as
always if you enjoyed today's episode
why not give us a quick subscribe if
you're tuning in on YouTube or rating or
review on your podcast Channel or apple
or Spotify is always appreciated with
that we'll catch you on the next one for
more nobs B2B marketing and revenue tips
to grow your business catch you soon